Businesses and organizations are focusing on developing Internet systems to provide value to their customers and staff. There are many software technologies available to internet systems development teams including; SOAP, HTML, JSON, XML, CSS, ASP.NET, Objective C, php, JAVA™, Python, Ruby, AJAX, Swift™, AngularJS, Bootstrap, jQuery, R, and many more.

Choose an option below to complete this assignment:

Write a 4-page paper that compares and contrasts at least three Internet systems development software technologies.

Explain why an Internet systems developer might choose one technology over another technology.

Explain how these technologies can bring value to the business or organization.

Incorporate additional research or academic information to support your paper.


Answer
How these technologies can bring value to the business or organization.

The world is connected by technology. The technology plays a very important role now a day in many bussiness. Every company is developing there own software to coop with its working. By introduction of software technology working efficiency will increase a lot.

Here we are discussing about the value of bussiness or organization. By using the technology in bussiness company's data can be protected and requested whenever they are needed. The time management will increase highly. These technologies are used to create a attractive interface for the company. This will help in increasing the costumers a lot.

By investing a dollar we get a profit of 3 dollars. Which is the good earning criteria for any company. This profit is due to the efficiency. By using the technology a work which is done by 3 persons in 3 days can be reduced to one person in one day. This what makes the company a well arranged one. If you want to write a notes by using a pen and paper you have to buy a pen and paper for the work. After some days the paper may tear and worn. This will make the data lose. So in this situation we have to use the technologies to save the notes and this notes can be restored when ever they needed. There will be no worn or torn of data.

Thank you
